to configure the simulation click on run
and add or edit configuration
click on simulation and hello world
select the ian role created before and
the created s3 bucket for the simulation
job output
the security groups can be found by
going to cloud 9.
and click on the view details for that
environment
copy and paste the security groups
subnets can be found by clicking on the
corresponding link in the environment
two can be copied and pasted in
particular choose from zones 1b and 1c
enable the assign public ip fill all the
other repeated information about the s3
bucket
select gazebo 9 is software suite
version and save
now the simulation is configured to run